purge instructions (#17)
Azure-Samples/openai-end-to-end-basic: README.md

  - `Microsoft.OperationalInsights`
  - `Microsoft.Storage`

> - Your deployment user has permissions to assign [Azure roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) on newly created resource groups and resources. (E.g. `User Access Administrator` or `Owner`) 
> 
> - Your deployment user has permissions to purge AI services resources at the subscription scope where the AI services resources are deployed. (E.g. `Contributor` or `Cognitive Services Contributor` built-in roles, or a custom role with the `Microsoft.CognitiveServices/locations/resourceGroups/deletedAccounts/delete` permission)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your deployment user must have the following permissions at the subscription scope:

  - Ability to assign [Azure roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) on newly created resource groups and resources. (E.g. `User Access Administrator` or `Owner`) 
  - Ability to purge deleted AI services resources. (E.g. `Contributor` or `Cognitive Services Contributor`)
```

   az account set --subscription xxxxx
   ```

> 1. Set the deployment location. Because this solution uses Azure AI Studio, the location MUST be one of: `southcentralus`, `westeurope`, `southeastasia`, `japaneast` to support all resources deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the deployment location.

   Because this solution uses Azure AI Studio, the location MUST be one of: `southcentralus`, `westeurope`, `southeastasia`, `japaneast` to support all resources deployed.

```

   ```bash
   LOCATION=southcentralus
   ```

1. Set the base name value that will be used as part of the Azure resource names for the resources deployed in this solution.

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion

   ```bash
~~~

Most of the Azure resources deployed in the prior steps will incur ongoing charges unless removed. Also a few of the resources deployed go into a soft delete status. It's best to purge those once you're done exploring, Key Vault is given as an example here. Azure OpenAI and Azure Machine Learning Workspaces are others that should be purged.

> > **_NOTE:_** To purge the AI services resources, `Microsoft.CognitiveServices/locations/resourceGroups/deletedAccounts/delete` permission must be given to the user on the subscription scope where the resources are deployed. A role assignment at the resource or resource group scopes will be insufficient to access the purge functionality. See the [learn documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/recover-purge-resources?tabs=azure-cli#purge-a-deleted-resource) for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** To purge the AI services resources, `Microsoft.CognitiveServices/locations/resourceGroups/deletedAccounts/delete` permission must be given to the user on the subscription scope where the resources are deployed. A role assignment at the resource or resource group scopes will be insufficient to access the purge functionality. See the [learn documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/recover-purge-resources?tabs=azure-cli#purge-a-deleted-resource) for additional details.
```

> > **_NOTE:_** To purge the AI services resources, `Microsoft.CognitiveServices/locations/resourceGroups/deletedAccounts/delete` permission must be given to the user on the subscription scope where the resources are deployed. A role assignment at the resource or resource group scopes will be insufficient to access the purge functionality. See the [learn documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/recover-purge-resources?tabs=azure-cli#purge-a-deleted-resource) for additional details.

Reviewer: How is this not already covered by the permissions listed in the pre-preq?

Author: We would just need to be more explicit on the scope.  Since we have them create a resource group that can probably be inferred.  I'll add text to explicitly state that the permissions should be at the subscription level.

Reviewer: Yeah, if they cannot create a resource group, they couldn't proceed (it's very intentional that we make that a step, vs saying "choose an existing empty resource group") -- helps us better scope permissions.  If you can still include some bits about the scope in the pre-reqs, that would be great!

```bash
az group delete --name $RESOURCE_GROUP -y

# Purge the soft delete resources
SUBSCRIPTION_ID=$(az account show --query id --output tsv)

> az keyvault purge -n kv-${BASE_NAME} -l $LOCATION --no-wait

Reviewer: Why is location needed now for key vault?  Was it always needed and the old command had a typo?

Author: The command reference says both name and location are optional which I think is a documentation error.  (Name should be required at a minimum.)  I included both for completeness.  In practice name alone would probably be sufficient.

Reviewer: yeah, key vault names are globally unique.  we use the previous command in lots of places without any issue.  I'd suggest just reverting as one less variable for someone to get wrong in this command :)

> az resource delete --ids /subscriptions/${SUBSCRIPTION_ID}/providers/Microsoft.CognitiveServices/locations/${LOCATION}/resourceGroups/${RESOURCE_GROUP}/deletedAccounts/aih-${BASE_NAME}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
az resource delete --ids $(az cognitiveservices account show -n oai-${BASE_NAME} -g $RESOURCE_GROUP --query 'id' -o tsv)
```

And then remove `SUBSCRIPTION_ID`

Reviewer: Maybe more importantly, why not just `az cognitiveservices account purge` ?

Author: So the recommended change may not work, because in theory the resource group delete would have already removed the resource so the az cognitiveservices account show shouldn't find it.  I'll try the purge option even though the official documentation suggests to use the resource delete option.  If it works I'll update to use the account purge as it's easier to read.

> Most of the Azure resources deployed in the prior steps will incur ongoing charges unless removed. Also a few of the resources deployed go into a soft delete status. It's best to purge those once you're done exploring, Key Vault is given as an example here. Azure OpenAI and Azure Machine Learning Workspaces are others that should be purged.

Reviewer: You should update this line to reflect the new state of the situation.  Start with the following and tweak as you see fit.

```suggestion
Most of the Azure resources deployed in the prior steps will incur ongoing charges unless removed. Also a few of the resources deployed go into a soft delete status. It's best to purge those once you're done exploring.
```

> > **_NOTE:_** To purge the AI services resources, `Microsoft.CognitiveServices/locations/resourceGroups/deletedAccounts/delete` permission must be given to the user on the subscription scope where the resources are deployed. A role assignment at the resource or resource group scopes will be insufficient to access the purge functionality. See the [learn documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/recover-purge-resources?tabs=azure-cli#purge-a-deleted-resource) for additional details.
> 

Reviewer: I don't think this note is relevant in this scenario.  We create resource directly as part of this, and the prereqs already cover this operation.  Am I missing something?

```suggestion
```

Most of the Azure resources deployed in the prior steps will incur ongoing charges unless removed. Also a few of the resources deployed go into a soft delete status. It's best to purge those once you're done exploring, Key Vault is given as an example here. Azure OpenAI and Azure Machine Learning Workspaces are others that should be purged.

```bash
az group delete --name $RESOURCE_GROUP -y

# Purge the soft delete resources
az keyvault purge -n kv-${BASE_NAME} -l $LOCATION 

> az cognitiveservices account purge --location $LOCATION --name oai-${BASE_NAME} --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
az cognitiveservices account purge -g $RESOURCE_GROUP -l $LOCATION --name oai-${BASE_NAME}
```
